[WIP] [charts] Document `useLegend` (#19334)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/hooks/hooks.md

## Available hooks

The charts package provides several categories of hooks:

### Series hooks

- [**useSeries**](/x/react-charts/hooks/use-series/) - Access raw series data for all chart types
- Specific series hooks for individual chart types (`useBarSeries`, `useLineSeries`, etc.)

### Legend hooks

- [**useLegend**](/x/react-charts/hooks/use-legend/) - Access formatted legend data for creating custom legend components

### Layout and positioning hooks

- [**useDrawingArea**](/x/react-charts/hooks/use-drawing-area/) - Access the chart's drawing area dimensions and coordinates
- [**useScale**](/x/react-charts/hooks/use-scale/) - Access D3 scale functions for coordinate transformations (`useXScale`, `useYScale`)

## Quick start

All chart hooks are available from the `@mui/x-charts/hooks` import, with pro and premium packages also providing additional hooks.

```js
import { useSeries, useLegend, ... } from '@mui/x-charts/hooks';
import { useSeries, useLegend, ... } from '@mui/x-charts-pro/hooks';
import { useSeries, useLegend, ... } from '@mui/x-charts-premium/hooks';
```

## Caveats

All charts hooks require being used within a chart context.

> This means component using those hook should used as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means a component using those hook should follow one of the below mentioned structure:
```

1. a `slot` of a chart component
2. a child of a chart component
3. a child of the `<ChartDataProvider />`

For example if you create a component `<CustomLegend />` that uses the `useLegend()` hook, you could use it as follow:

> ```jsx

Reviewer: It would be helpful if the code examples follow the same order as mentioned above:

1. slot
2. child
3. Chart data provider.
